README.md, before:

---
description: The Kittycorn Document
icon: hand-wave
---

# Welcome Hello World!!

Welcome to the GitBook starter template! Here you'll get an overview of all the amazing features GitBook offers to help you build beautiful, interactive documentation.

You'll see some of the best parts of GitBook in action — and find help on how you can turn this template into your own.

### Jump right in

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th><th></th><th></th><th data-hidden data-card-cover data-type="files"></th><th data-hidden></th><th data-hidden data-card-target data-type="content-ref"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><i class="fa-bolt">:bolt:</i></td><td><strong>Quickstart</strong></td><td>Create your first site</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="getting-started/quickstart.md">quickstart.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><i class="fa-leaf">:leaf:</i></td><td><strong>Editor basics</strong></td><td>Learn the basics of GitBook</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook-templates/blob/main/product-docs/broken-reference/README.md">https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook-templates/blob/main/product-docs/broken-reference/README.md</a></td></tr><tr><td><i class="fa-globe-pointer">:globe-pointer:</i></td><td><strong>Publish your docs</strong></td><td>Share your docs online</td><td></td><td></td><td><a href="getting-started/publish-your-docs.md">publish-your-docs.md</a></td></tr></tbody></table>

Commit message:

Revise README as project overview, remove Welcome page

README.md, after:

---
description: The Kittycorn Protocol Documentation
icon: cat
---

# Kittycorn Protocol

Kittycorn is a decentralized exchange and lending protocol. Swap tokens, provide liquidity, and borrow assets — all in one platform.

## What is Kittycorn?

Kittycorn combines an automated market maker (AMM) with a lending protocol, allowing users to trade tokens, earn yield through liquidity provision, and borrow assets using their holdings as collateral.

## Key Features

- **Swap** — Trade tokens instantly through liquidity pools
- **Liquidity Provision** — Supply assets to pools and earn trading fees
- **Liquidity Migration** — Move existing positions from other protocols to Kittycorn
- **Kittycorn Bank** — Deposit collateral and borrow assets at competitive rates
- **Liquidation** — Participate in liquidating undercollateralized positions

## Point Reward Program

Kittycorn rewards active users with points for participating in the protocol. Earn points by swapping, providing liquidity, borrowing, and referring friends. Points can be claimed and used within the ecosystem.

## Resources

- [Contract Addresses](resources/contract-addresses.md)
- [Security](security.md)
- [FAQ](faq.md)
