basics/editor.md, before:

---
icon: pen-to-square
---

# Editor

GitBook has a powerful block-based editor that allows you to seamlessly create, update, and enhance your content.

<figure><img src="https://gitbookio.github.io/onboarding-template-images/editor-hero.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

### Writing content

GitBook offers a range of block types for you to add to your content inline — from simple text and tables, to code blocks and more. These elements will make your pages more useful to readers, and offer extra information and context.

Either start typing below, or press `/` to see a list of the blocks you can insert into your page.

### Add a new block

{% stepper %}
{% step %}
#### Open the insert block menu

Press `/` on your keyboard to open the insert block menu.
{% endstep %}

{% step %}
#### Search for the block you need

Try searching for “Stepper”, for exampe, to insert the stepper block.
{% endstep %}

{% step %}
#### Insert and edit your block

Click or press Enter to insert your block. From here, you’ll be able to edit it as needed.
{% endstep %}
{% endstepper %}

Commit message:

Remove duplicate content in editor.md
Removed duplicate sentence about the block-based editor.

basics/editor.md, after:

---
icon: pen-to-square
---

# Editor

GitBook has a powerful block-based editor that allows you to seamlessly create, update, and enhance your content.
GitBook has a powerful block-based editor that allows you to seamlessly create, update, and enhance your content.
GitBook has a powerful block-based editor that allows you to seamlessly create, update, and enhance your content.

<figure><img src="https://gitbookio.github.io/onboarding-template-images/editor-hero.png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>

### Writing content

GitBook offers a range of block types for you to add to your content inline — from simple text and tables, to code blocks and more. These elements will make your pages more useful to readers, and offer extra information and context.

Either start typing below, or press `/` to see a list of the blocks you can insert into your page.

### Add a new block

{% stepper %}
{% step %}
#### Open the insert block menu

Press `/` on your keyboard to open the insert block menu.
{% endstep %}

{% step %}
#### Search for the block you need

Try searching for “Stepper”, for exampe, to insert the stepper block.
{% endstep %}

{% step %}
#### Insert and edit your block

Click or press Enter to insert your block. From here, you’ll be able to edit it as needed.
{% endstep %}
{% endstepper %}
